Twin-Stick Shooter with a perspective camera pitched to resemble an isometric view
	perhaps an orthographic camera, might make the most sense.
	Game lasts as long as the player survives in a single survival mode
		OR
	Game is a series of randomly generated environments perhaps with a win-condition after N-levels.
	

Graphics Goals:
	Stencil Shadows
		Stencil Shadows will be acceptable since the camera cannot enter the volume of the shadows
		therefore I won't need to use Carmack's reverse.
	Blur 
		when the player picks up powerups or takes damage
	Deferred Rendering 
		so that the level can be nicely detailed with
		emissive materials and normal/bump mapped textures.
	Billboard
		for sprites--item pick ups, scenery, bloody decals.
	Sky Box
		I don't know if this was covered in Computer Graphics I, but I will need
		a good looking horizon.
	Collision Detection
		If I can do this for credit toward a milestone, I will. But I think I'd rather
		integrate Bullet(see below).

Stretch Goals:
	GPU Particles
		This would make the game much more visually appealing. If I don't have these then
		projectiles might be very costly if they are a bunch of meshes flying all over the place.
	Skeletal Animations
		I would like to have at least the main player character animated with skeletal animations
		on an extremely simple skeleton.
	Mesh deformation targets
		Some basic enemies could potentially be animated by morph deformation targets.
	Bullet Physics integration
		Instead of basic collision detection, I would like to integrate bullet physics so the
		game can have some cool dynamic physics.
	Diamond-Square Driven Environment Mapping
		It's a toss-up right now if this will be a static room or a random environment. If I'm able,
		I would like to use the Diamond-Square algorithm to make some random terrains.

CURRENTLY: 
	*A hack-job "forked" from "geo2" example provided on the notes.  I have modified the vertex shader to allow me 
		to pass in a transformation mat4 to translate objects on the screen. I also removed the cloning
		functionality out of the geoshader.
	*Player's velocity and shots are calculated poorly, resulting in the camera becoming uncentered
	*More top down than isometric. I need a horizon line to figure out how to place the camera.
	 
